hey TYT you this is Eric Arantes again
from Catholic University of America and
I wanted to bring up another issue that
I'm having on campus today which is the
pro-life March that is taking place here
in DC here on campus we are housing over
1,200 pro-life protesters and we're not
only doing that we are actually
supporting the pro-life movement here in
DC as an official University policy we
have we have it as a policy that a
Catholic University is pro-life and that
is actually one of the slogans we have
when a couple of our students is
marching along with these protesters so
one of the things that I wanted to talk
to you guys today about is the not only
what my campus is doing so far as a you
know taking a stance on a very
controversial issue here in America but
also what they are doing to promote it
further some some of the things that the
Catholic University is doing is to
censor some of these some of the
pro-choicers or anybody that is opposed
to the Catholic and Genda which includes
pro-life same-sex marriage homosexuality
and things of that sort and that is very
troubling to me for a campus that calls
itself a university a university is
supposed to be a hotbed for ideas
thoughts issues where students and
professors can debate amongst themselves
in this sort of a free marketplace of
debate however it's not only happening
here at Catholic University but also at
other universities where censorship of
the free speech is being a plague among
students around the country so one of
the things one of the or two things I
want to ask you guys is a number one is
it okay for a university to take a
stance on a political issue and shape
it's for universal or educational
philosophy around such a stance and to
is the philosophy is the philosophy of
censorship appropriate for a university
to have if it offends or a idea could be
controversial and things like that even
though a university should really be a
free marketplace the epitome a free
marketplace of ideas for students and
professors and things of that sort so
hopefully you guys can post this up
really enjoy the show keep up the good
work guys and hope to talk to you soon
thanks very much
you